kb(drawer):add kb for expand/collapse drawer handle (#406)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/drawer-add-expand-collapse-handle.md

---

> title: Add Expand/Collapse Handle to toggle the Drawer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Add Expand/Collapse Handle to Toggle the Drawer
```

> description: How to add Expand/Collapse Handle to toggle the Drawer?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This demo shows how to add expand/collapse handle to toggle the Telerik Blazor Drawer.
```

type: how-to

> page_title: Add Expand/Collapse Handle to toggle the Drawer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Add Expand/Collapse Handle to Toggle the Drawer
```

slug: drawer-kb-add-expand-collapse-handle
position: 
tags: telerik, blazor, drawer, expand, collapse, handle
ticketid: 1527830
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Drawer for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description

> It would be nice to have a handle feature within the rendered Drawer component that would expand and collapse the component.

Reviewer: Capturing the customer's context does not require copy-pasting their full message. We should only take the keywords and phrases, which they may  use in a Google search.

```suggestion
How to add a handle feature within the rendered Drawer component that would expand and collapse the component?
```

## Solution

To achieve the desired result you can try the following:

* Add a Telerik Button
* Toggle the Drawer on click of that button

> * Use some custom CSS to style the button as desired (appearance, position, transition etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use custom CSS to adjust the button's appearance, position, transition etc.
```

The example below demonstrates the described approach:

````CSHTML
@* Add Expand/Collapse handle to toggle the Drawer *@

<style>
    .my-toggle-button {
        border-radius: 50%;
        transform: translateY(50%);
        border: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.08);
        z-index: 1;
        background-color: #fff;

>         transition-duration:0.3s;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        transition-duration:0.3s; /* match the Drawer's animation duration */
```

    }
    
    .my-toggle-button.collapsed {
            top: 20px;
            left: 34px;
    }
    
    .my-toggle-button.expanded {
            top: 20px;
            left: 225px;
    }
</style>

<TelerikButton Class="@(ExpandedDrawer ? "my-toggle-button expanded" : "my-toggle-button collapsed")" Icon="@(ExpandedDrawer ? "chevron-left" : "chevron-right")" OnClick="@(() => DrawerRef.ToggleAsync())"></TelerikButton>

> <TelerikDrawer Data="@Data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<TelerikDrawer Data="@Data"
```
